           module 4.1

1 - What is oop concept? list of oop concept
 OOP stands for Object-Oriented Programming, which is a programming paradigm that emphasizes the use of objects to represent and manipulate data. In OOP, a program is designed as a collection of objects that interact with each other to accomplish tasks.

Classes & Objects
Abstraction
Encapsulation
Inheritance
Polymorphism

 Object
An Object can be defined as an entity that has a state and behavior, or in other words, anything that exists physically in the world is called an object. It can represent a dog, a person, a table, etc.

An object means the combination of data and programs, which further represent an entity.

 Classes
Class can be defined as a blueprint of the object. It is basically a collection of objects which act as building blocks. 
A class contains data members (variables) and member functions. These member functions are used to manipulate the data members inside the class.

 Abstraction
Abstraction helps in the data hiding process. It helps in displaying the essential features without showing the details or the functionality to the user. It avoids unnecessary information or irrelevant details and shows only that specific part which the user wants to see.

 Encapsulation
The wrapping up of data and functions together in a single unit is known as encapsulation. It can be achieved by making the data members' scope private and the member function’s scope public to access these data members. Encapsulation makes the data non-accessible to the outside world.

 Inheritance
Inheritance is the process in which two classes have an is-a relationship among each other and objects of one class acquire properties and features of the other class. The class which inherits the features is known as the child class, and the class whose features it inherited is called the parent class. 
type of inheritance
single level
multi level
multiple
hiranchical
hybrid

 Polimorphism
Ability to take one name having diffrent form
type of polymorphism
over loading 
over riding

What is diffrence between OOP and POP ?
oop
Object oriented
Program is divided into objects
inheritance properly is used
it uses access specifier.
concept of virtual function.

POP
Structure oriented
program is divided into function.
inheritance is not allowed.
it doesn't use access specifier.
No virtual function.

